# Recout-ML-API

## Recommendation Outfit API
This endpoint provides a function to provide outfit recommendations based on the temperature of the user's province. The user can submit the location of the province, as well as the gender and the API will return the top 5 outfit recommendations according to the user's province location and gender. The application uses a machine learning model, namely OneHotEncoder, to convert input data into feature vectors that can be compared. The current weather data for the requested province is retrieved from the OpenWeatherMap API, then the temperature in Kelvin is converted to Celsius and categorized as "Cold", "Normal", or "Hot". Clothing recommendations are generated by calculating the cosine similarity between the input feature vectors and historical data in the dataset, and returning the top 5 recommendations in JSON format

Base URL : https://recout-hmuyfxp55a-et.a.run.app/

**Method:**
>POST

## **Recommendation Model**
```bash
POST {{Host}}/recommend
```
- **Body raw:**
```JSON
{
    "gender_product" : "Men",
    "city" : "Jakarta"
}
```
- **Response:**
```JSON
[
    {
        "city": "Jakarta",
        "gender_product": "Men",
        "link": "http://assets.myntassets.com/v1/images/style/properties/01dbbbcddf07e76cb9eeb46db9f42606_images.jpg",
        "productDisplayName": "Classic Polo Men's Black With White Stripes T-shirt",
        "product_id": 4095,
        "temperature": "Hot",
        "usage": "Casual"
    },
]
```
- **Note:** the block shown above shows 1 out of 5 recommendations.

## Steps
1. Clone the git repository.
```bash
git clone https://github.com/C241-PS139/Recout-ML-API.git
```
2. Install the required libraries from requirements.txt.
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
3. Navigate to the directory.
4. Run the following command in the directory terminal:
```bash
python server.py
```
5. After the application startup complete, send a request to ```http://localhost:5000/recommend``` as shown above.
6. The API will return some recommendations.
